Small suggestions (#233)
Anon-Planet/thgtoa: verify.md

To verify the files with Minisign:

- First, download minisign from <https://jedisct1.github.io/minisign/>.
- Download the files along with their \*.minisig signature file (these should be in the same directory).
- Download the Minisign public key available on the website and repository: [minisign.pub](minisign.pub) (again, place it in the same directory for convenience).
- Run the following command in a command prompt or terminal within the directory with both files: ```minisign -Vm guide.pdf -p minisign.pub```.
- Output should show ```Signature and comment signature verified```.

### How to check the relative safety of files or even URLs (such as https://anonymousplanet.org) using VirusTotal:

> **Note: we not endorse VirusTotal. It should be used with extreme caution and never with any sensitive files due to their privacy policies. Do not upload sensitive files to VirusTotal**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: we do not endorse VirusTotal. It should be used with extreme caution, never with any sensitive files, due to their privacy policies. Do not upload sensitive files to VirusTotal.**
```

Here are the steps:

> - Install latest 3.9.x / 3.10.x version of Python on your OS, Download PDFID and, from a command prompt or terminal, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the latest version (e.g., 3.10.6 stable) of Python, download [pdfid](https://didierstevens.com/files/software/pdfid_v0_2_8.zip) and, from a command prompt or terminal, run:
```
